MTV-295:Release Notes for MTV 2.8.6 (#729)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-28-resolved-issues.adoc

{project-first} 2.8 has the following resolved issues:

[id="resolved-issues-2-8-6_{context}"]
== Resolved issues 2.8.6

.Installing drivers on firstboot sometimes fail with PnP service not available

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, Plug and Play (PnP) service unavailability during driver installation caused device installation failure. As a consequence, users experienced installation failures. With this release, the driver package import issue has been resolved, allowing successful driver installation with the PnP service. As a result, users now experience successful device installation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-3042[(MTV-3042)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-short}, Plug and Play (PnP) service unavailability caused `virtio` driver installation failure in guest virtual machines. As a consequence, users experienced boot failures of guest VMs. With this release, the driver package import 
issue has been resolved, allowing successful driver installation with the PnP service. As a result, users can now start guest VMs. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-3042[(MTV-3042)]
```
Please check with the QE for accuracy. Thanks!
